I'm trying for an extensible language; but, as it seems that all attempts at
extensible languages have come to the conclusion that extensible languages are
not the way to go, not _too_ extensible.  Or maybe, better said, only
_slightly_ extensible.

It seems that conceptually syntax is composed of 4 things:

1.  Tokens (scanner output)
2.  Expressions
3.  Statements
4.  Declarations

I'm thinking that the first two are not extensible, but that the last two are
(though declarations may not require any more than the question/answer
facility).  I'm thinking that some kind of keyword parameter syntax should
provide enough flexibility for expresions.

It doesn't seem, at first glance, that there should be a need for reserved
words (aka, keywords).  These can just be part of __builtin__.  Thus, the list
of reserved words is not extensible.

It seems that mileage can be had out of making spaces significant in certain
places (in addition to indenting):

    - require binary operators to have spaces before and after them.
    - require unary operators to have a space before and no space after them.
    - treat "foo(" and "foo (" differently.
    - treat NEWLINE differently if it follows a ':' or not.

By doing this, we should be able to do away with commas and most parenthesis
and greatly reduce the token clutter.  Whether this ends up being a good idea
or not remains to be seen...  It will certainly feel strange at first to
programmers coming from a traditional background.


Extensibility with functions as compilers.  This seems to boil down to some
kind of macro capability, but with the addition (over what Lisp has) of
allowing the macro function to get information about:

    1.  The parameters passed to it (types, min/max values, precision, whether
        it's a constant or not, etc)

    2.  The function/module/class it's being called within (the calling
        context).

    3.  The parent AST structure (what's expected of it by its caller).  This
        may just be handled by a set of methods for the macro: compile_value,
        compile_lvalue, compile_condition, etc?
